hierarchy suggestions.png

1. Modifying the menu and the listing page - that's 10 hours of extra work. You need a clickable experience to decide if things work that's OK, in your next project make sure to request mockups before you go into development. I consider this out of work scope.
2. About and Donor section - While you haven't mentioned anything about the "About" screen and I don't believe I've seen it in any of the specs you sent over which makes it clearly out of work scope regardless if you consider it a basic feature or not, I'm still going to create it. Donors screen is out of work scope, not even sure why I added the Donate button to home screen the last time you asked.

A3.png

1. adding all as the default category - no problem
2. although I repeatedly explained those are not hard coded categories and you will be able to manage them, sure I'll change the labels, no problem
3. hierarchy - same as above

B2.png

1. the photo on the profile screen is not static nor a single photo, that's an image slider, all of uploaded photos will be shown there
2. adding the "Missing from" label - no problem
3. access to submitted report data with images included, sure, in the admin panel once it's finished

D2.png

1. no able to see photo - I'll check but all disaster have the same placeholder photo so it's highly unlikely that this is a bug
2. remove the pet counter and add a different one someplace else - again, I do something out of scope no questions asked but now it's confusing, should be scraped and start over
3. add white space - no problem

F1.png

1. modify the report title - if you take the time to test the app you'll see it does change according to which list you're currently in missing/seen/found
2. submit reunited reports by the public - according to your specs only the admin can do this
3. "as said in B2 when more than one image/or video is available" - all uploaded images are displayed right there, in thumbnails, with additional controls so you can remove an uploaded image if you don't want to submit it. You have been testing this app for at least a month now and still haven't noticed something that is this obvious, with this much delay this is super annoying
4. address input instead of user device location - no problem
5. name label change - no problem
6. allow selection of all pet categories - I explained this earlier, you have already selected a category when you are submitting a report, your report goes into that category but sure if that's what you want, no problem
7. hide microchip number - no problem
8. medical issues - no problem

F2.png

1. add unknown - no problem
2. info on who is it reporting and contact info - you know you're going to need these things from day one and yet you do not add it to your specs, now if I say out of scope you get revolted because it's basic stuff and should be there

G1.png

1. this was covered somewhere above

last image

1. any option for pattern - no problem